Unify tools services (#28)
PieterKas/agent2agent-auth-framework: draft-klr-aiagent-auth.md

{::boilerplate bcp14-tagged}

# Agents are workloads

> An Agent is a workload that iteratively interacts with a Large Language Model (LLM) and a set of tools that expose interfaces to underlying services and resources until a terminating condition, determined either by the LLM or by the agent's internal logic, is reached. It may receive input from a user, or act autonomusly. {{fig-ai-agent-workload}} shows a conceptual model of the AI Agent as a workload and illustrates the high-level interaction model between the User or System, the AI Agent, the Large Language Model (LLM), Tools, Services, and Resources.

Author: > Tools, Services and Resource that expose interfaces to underlying services and resources

I think this needs to be wordsmithed a bit.

How about splitting this along the lines of:

An Agent is a workload that iteratively interacts with a Large Language Model (LLM) and a set of Tools, Services and Resources. Agent performs its operation until a terminating condition, determined either by the LLM or by the agent's internal logic, is reached.

In this document, Tools, Services, and Resources are treated as a single category of external endpoints that an agent invokes or interacts with to complete a task. Communication within or between Tools, Services, and Resources is out of scope.

~~~aasvg
                +----------------+
                | Large Language |
                |   Model (LLM)  |
                +----------------+
                      ▲   |
                     (2) (3)
                      |   ▼
+--------+       +------------+       +-----------+
|  User  |──(1)─►|  AI Agent  |──(4)─►|   Tools   |
|   or   |       | (workload) |       | Services  |
| System |◄─(6)──|            |◄─(5)──| Resources |
+--------+       +------------+       +-----------+
~~~
{: #fig-ai-agent-workload title="AI Agent as a Workload"}

1. Optional: The User or System (e.g. a batch job or another Agent) provides an initial request or instruction to the AI Agent.

> 1. The AI Agent provides the available context to the LLM. Context is implementation- and deployment-specific and may include User or System input, system prompts, tool descriptions, prior tool outputs, and other relevant state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The AI Agent provides the available context to the LLM. Context is implementation- and deployment-specific and may include User or System input, system prompts, Tool descriptions, prior Tool, Service and Resource outputs, and other relevant state.
```
